---
title: TaraCoinsMarkO'Byrne
description: Mark O'Byrne founder of Tara Coins
heroImage: ../pdf/TaraCoinsInfo
---

The Gold and Silver Trees of Life are the first Irish and Celtic gold and silver bullion medals or coins which are 99.99% pure and celebrate Irish and Celtic culture, our ancestors and our spirit.
‍
The Gold and Silver Trees of Life were created by Tara Coins to tell the story of Ireland or Éire through the sacred symbols of Ireland and the Celtic world.
These beautiful medals or non legal tender coins channel our ancestral past, our culture and the spirit of the Celts and the Irish people globally.

Irish heart and soul went into their creation by a team of Irish people including our founder, a graphic designer, an artist and cultural and spiritual mentors.

"The Trees" celebrate our ancestors, who we are as a people and the abundance of trees and nature.

These precious and timeless bullion & collector medals or coins are beautiful stores of value. They are limited in mintage and supply, making them highly sought after as collectibles and will likely command collectible prices in the coming years.
‍
Our vision is to see Tara Coins becoming an ethical, trusted global brand celebrated for the designing, minting and provision of beautiful gold and silver medals and coins for people throughout the world.

Mark is one of the leading authorities on silver and gold internationally with a high profile in social media & mainstream media having appeared on RTE, CNBC, Bloomberg and most Irish and international print, radio and tv media.

He founded GoldCore, Ireland’s largest gold and silver broker in 2003 and retired from GoldCore in 2020 after his team and he had made it Ireland’s largest gold broker and storage provider. GoldCore became a respected gold bullion specialist internationally with over 20,000 clients in over 140 countries and over €1 billion in sales.

He is passionate about history and learning from the mistakes of the past. This  was his degree and he has a lifelong interest in monetary history and gold and silver and their role in protecting people from currency devaluations, the decline of nations and Empires, economic collapse and wars. He has dedicated much of the past two decades of his life helping people understand our financial and monetary and systems and how a few actions can help people, families, communities and nations take control of their lives and become resilient and sovereign.

In Health Wealth Gold in which he consulted and advised with regard to the importance of our health - our mind, body and spirit, He consulted with individuals, families, companies and communities on how to prepare for short term but major economic challenges as we transition to a more balanced,  sustainable and conscious world.
